welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you a thriller for a film
from 2018 titled halloween
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
forty years after the hattonfield
murders in 1978 two journalists aaron
corey and dana haynes traveled to
smith's grove sanitarium to interview
michael myers who was captured after dr
samuel loomis shot him off of the doyle
house balcony dr ranvir sartain
michael's new psychiatrist after dr
loomis death informs them that michael
is able to speak but chooses not to dana
records the event as aaron approaches
michael and talks to him but fails to
get him to speak even after showing him
his mask and mentioning lori strode
the two journalists leave smith's grove
sanitarium and drive to laurie's house a
heavily fortified and decrepit homestead
and briber for an interview which she
reluctantly accepts
lori has spent the last 40 years dealing
with post-traumatic stress and preparing
for michael's inevitable return
her feelings have resulted in two failed
marriages and losing custody of her
daughter karen at a young age aaron and
dana tell lori their interest in finding
out why michael committed the murders in
1978 and asked her to meet with him in a
final attempt to get him to speak before
he's transferred to a maximum security
prison laurie kicks them out of her
house but not before taking the money
they offered
as the transport is being prepared and
patients are loaded onto the bus dr
sartain insists on accompanying michael
and the bus departs
in haddonfield lori's granddaughter is
walking to school with two friends and
tells them the stress that her family
endures due to her grandmother's past
and debunks the town rumor that michael
is laurie's brother
in class allison looks out of the window
to see lori watching her she meets with
her grandmother who gives her the three
thousand dollars from erin and dana and
tells her to have fun
during a family dinner laurie arrives
and has a panic attack and allison
comforts her
meanwhile the bus transport crashed in a
ditch the security guards were killed
and the inmates were scattered about the
road
a man and his son driving down the road
happen upon the bus and investigate
while the father disappears his son
grabs a rifle from the truck and
encounters a fatally wounded security
guard that tells him to run
he investigates the bus and is startled
by dr sartain shooting him in the
shoulder accidentally fleeing back to
the truck he calls the police michael
appears from the back seat and kills him
the following morning sheriff frank
hawkins explains to a deputy that
michael myers escaped the transport and
will most certainly return to
hattonfield to finish what he started
four decades prior
aaron and dana arrive at a gas station
dana leaves aaron to use the bathroom
while he goes inside to pay for the gas
with the inside of the station deserted
he stumbles upon a dead mechanic missing
his overalls and a cashier whose jaw was
ripped open meanwhile michael attacks
dana in the bathroom and when aaron
arrives to save dana michael kills him
by bashing him into the door numerous
times killing him before strangling dana
to death michael inspects their vehicle
and recovers his mask putting it on
lori learns about the transport crash
and breaks into karen's house to
demonstrate her lack of security after a
brief argument about michael with karen
and her husband ray laurie leaves and
heads to the gas station in time to
witness the bodies of aaron and dana
being recovered on halloween night
michael wanders a populated street in
haddonfield littered with families and
children trick or treating he finds his
way into a shed behind a house and takes
a hammer before going inside to kill the
sole occupant he replaces the hammer
with a kitchen knife and moves to the
house next door killing another woman by
stabbing the knife through her throat
alison is at a school-sanctioned
halloween party with her friends and
receives a call from vicki inviting her
to come over once julian the kid she's
babysitting falls asleep alison gets
into an altercation with her boyfriend
cameron who throws her phone just as
laurie was calling to warn her to go
home at julian's house he tells vicki
that he saw a masked man standing in the
doorway but vicki dismisses it as his
imagination and puts julian to bed as
her boyfriend dave arrives as vicki
checks the closet at julian's request
she opens the door and is attacked by
michael who was hiding inside julian
flees the house and calls the police
laurie patrolling the streets in her
truck here's the dispatch call on her cb
radio and hurries to the house where
sheriff hawkins is investigating he
finds vicky's corpse and murray shoots
michael through a window only to find
out it's his reflection in a mirror lori
and hawkins patrol behind the
neighboring houses and find michael
laurie shoots him but as she turns the
corner michael is gone alison ditches
her boyfriend at the party and allows
her friend oscar to walk her home
allison rejects his advances and oscar
lags behind spotting michael watching
him oscar tries to escape but is caught
on a fence and michael impales him
alison turns back and finds oscar's body
and is chased by michael before finding
refuge in a neighboring home karen and
ray arrive at laurie's fortified home
and wait for alison to arrive hawkins
encounters dr sartain and in turn find
alison during their search for michael
finding michael hawkins runs him over
with the police suv and gets out of the
vehicle to shoot michael at point-blank
range despite dr sartain's protests dr
sartain stabs hawkins in the throat with
a blade hidden inside of a pen and kills
him before taking michael's mask and
trying it on dr sartain loads michael
into the back of the vehicle with alison
and drives to laurie's house intent on
reuniting them michael regains
consciousness and reclaims his mask and
alison informs dr sartain that michael
spoke to her distracted by demanding to
know what michael said michael then
breaks through the security barrier
forces dr sartain out of the vehicle and
stomps on his head as alison flees on
foot ray steps outside to offer coffee
to the police officers stationed outside
laurie's house and finds them dead
michael appears behind rey and strangles
him lori alerts karen to michael's
arrival and sends her into the hidden
safe room as she locks and barricades
the front door michael breaks through
the glass panels in the door and attacks
lorry who escapes by shooting michael's
hand with a shotgun stripping him of two
fingers forcing him to retreat laurie
patrols her house room by room and seals
each room off with security gates she
then encounters michael upstairs they
begin to fight and he throws laurie off
the balcony
alison makes her way into the safe room
with karen who alerts michael
as he appears karen shoots him with a
rifle and stuns him laurie appears from
the shadows and attacks michael sending
him tumbling down the steps into the
safe room
karen and alison leave the safe room but
michael regains consciousness and grabs
karen's ankle alison stabs michael with
his own knife and the two escape the
room lori flips a switch and metal bars
spring into place barricading the exit
and trapping michael in the safe room as
it fills with gas laurie lights a flare
and tosses it through the bars setting
the room ablaze with michael in it
lori karen and alison escape as the
house is engulfed in flames and hitch a
ride in the back of a pickup truck
coming down the road make sure to
subscribe and turn on post notifications
for more videos like this
thanks for watching